This project creates a basic live Character Counter using HTML, CSS and small use of JavaScript.
It includes a function named showCount() which tracks the count of the letters written inside the textarea(spaces are also included).


HTML(BASIC STRUCTURE OF THE WEBPAGE):
There are only two main tags in html code i.e. div tag and a script tag which holds the javascript function.
1. <div> tag 
The <div> tag contains heading "Live Character Counter"
A textarea tag which is of id txtData and calls the function showCount() when its id is referenced.
A placeholder is also given to textarea 
Another <div> tag is made with class name "Counter"
This <div> tag writes the character count on screen.

2. <script> tag
The <script> tag is used to write JavaScript inside the HTML page
A function named showCount() is defined inside <script> tag which runs when called
The function gets the text from the textare with the help of id="txtData"
It counts the number of characters typed using value.length
It updates the element with id="counter" and displays the count.


CSS (Styling the Webpage):
1. body selector
First we have applied styling on the body tag
Set fonts to Arial and sans-serif
Margin is set to 10 px 

2. textarea selector
Targets the <textarea> element to style it.
Width is set to 100% to change the size of the text box
Font size is increased to 18px for better readability
For comfortable spacing 10px padding is added
To include padding in total size box-sizing property is used

3. .counter class selector
Counter text is made bolder using font-weight property
5px space is added using margin-top for clear visibility

4. .box class selector
Adds a 2px solid black border around the box.
Provides 10px padding inside for spacing.
Creates 20px space below with margin-bottom.
Limits the width to 500px for a neat layout.



Learning Outcomes:
1. Learnt about basics of javascript such as variables, loops, if-else statement
2. Understanding JavaScript and how to write code in javascript
3. Understanding how to code in HTML and CSS for making an interactive webpage